1996 Olympic games in Atlanta.
Can you take me through the day when you're going for the 62 kg
gold, what did you eat? Drink? What did you think?
It really doesn't matter. Um, I have a routine that, you know,
I had a routine as a competitor that I could run through right now. Um, it,
it was a lot of, self-talk very, very positive. Self-talk visualization. Yes,
visualization. Um, self-talk um, and, and that's how I,
I was able to relax in getting ready for imagines.
My whole life learned that very early age at a camp at a developmental camp
at a young age, Terry and I did. And, and, um,
I can tell you what I ate and I can tell you what I did to relax.
And it doesn't matter. Uh, what you have to do is you have to find that piece.
And I just know that when I was getting ready for the finals match,
I had gone back to my room. I had my relaxed material, you know,
and I was able to relax because I prepared for.
It. Hopefully I'm right on this.
But just looking at the insane bracket you had to go through,
you had to beat just to get to the finals to be three world champions,
eventually world champ. I mean, Dave, and.
And you know what, I don't talk about that. And nobody else does it either,
but everybody talks about it in their own career.
So now you're making my head big <laugh>. But yeah, I had a road.
I had a road you're right.
That is the hardest bracket I've seen.
So I've talked to a lot of Olympic champions that is the hardest bracket I've
seen of any champions. So, uh, maybe I'm confused on this,
but it seemed like a really tough day for you. Did you have,
did you know the bracket ahead of time? Did you know who you faced?
You, you see the draw and it's a two day tournament.
So psychology comes into it as much as physical shape.
Um, you know, because there's those, you gotta sleep, you know,
the night before after the way, and then you gotta sleep again.
That next night after your semi-final math is gonna be in the morning, you know,
and then you have to go back and rest cuz your final matche isn't until whatever
time it was. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And so all this relaxation and all that stuff that you just talked about,
that visualization itself talked that's what helps since your routine?
Is there any doubt, any fear, any, anything.
There? The fear is that type of fear.
And I just talked about this to one of my athletes today. Um,
Jack Dempsey talked about fear and the fear of losing is what motivated him
to try to take his opponents head off. He was a boxer and um,
that's okay. So fear of competition, fear of screwing up fear of,
I don't feel good. No, no, but that little fear that, you know, what,
there's somebody out there that thinks that, you know what they they're gonna,
they're gonna revel in my they're gonna, they're gonna,
they're gonna eat it up in my misery. They're gonna love,
they're gonna be thriving because I fail and, and I'm not gonna let that happen.